Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Over 600 teams competed
in this year's entrepreneurship
challenge last weekend.
I want to congratulate
everyone who participated.
You represented Faraday so well.
And for that. I'm
giving you all a medal.
I do. however. want
to congratulate
two students who
came in second place
with their new business idea.
Dylan and Ariella. your
matchmaking website
really impressed the judges.
And you made this economics
teacher and the entire student
body really proud.
Congratulations. guys.
Whoo!
Oh. don't forget you have a quiz
tomorrow on trade agreements.
Bye.
Ms. Harris.
Thank you.
We were wondering if we
could ask you something.
Sure.
It's kind of personal.
Are you dating anyone?
The reason we ask
is because we've
decided to take our
winning business plan
and turn it into a real
matchmaking business.
- Really?
- Yeah.
We found an angel
investor. my dad.
and we're doing it for real.
But we need some actual people.
Single people.
Right.
Single people like you
to beta test it for us.
Why do you assume
that I'm single?
Wait. wait.
You're really starting
a business with the plan
you created from my class?
Yeah.
And with our entire
budget going to R&D.
we didn't have anything
left for marketing.
Exactly.
So it's kind of word of mouth.
At least. right now.
- So you want to match me?
- Yeah.
Well. I mean. technically
the algorithm we created
will be doing the matching.
All you have to do
is create a profile.
Please.
We have 43 men and
only 7 women so far.
And almost no one
over 18 or under 60.
I'll think about it. OK?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
And don't worry.
With our matchmaking
platform. you're
sure to find the man of
your dreams in no time.
Good to know.
I think you should
let them match you.
What's the worst
that could happen?
Tammy. I am done
with dating sites.
I've been doing that
for the last two years
and all I have to show
is a string of bad dates.
But you don't know
anyone in Santa Barbara.
It would be a really
great way to meet people.
I know you.
Um. I'm flattered.
But I'm taken.
Can't your husband
just introduced me
to some of his single friends?
Oh. and by the way.
you're not my type.
What?
Wait. why?
Jamie.
Jamie. focus on
your follow-through.
Come on.
Here.
Elbow high.
All right?
All right. let's
work on some laps.
Bring it in.
I suppose I could create
a profile. just to show
Dylan and Ariella my support.
Well. they did come
up with the entire thing
based on your assignment.
I'm proud of them for
starting their own business.
They're good kids.
Mhm.
What's the worst that
could happen. right?
Exactly.
Your yearbook
office is in there.
Thanks.
Principal Stall says
he wants me to get
it done today because
we're printing
out yearbooks tomorrow.
So how do I look?
Picture perfect.
Have fun.
You got to slow
down your swing
if you want to lob the ball.
Here's what happens
if you swing too fast.
Ow!
Oh.
Yikes.
I'm so sorry.
Why didn't you yell incoming
or heads up or something?
I didn't see you.
You OK?
Yeah.
I'm fine. but my shirt isn't.
Here.
No. don't rub it.
You're gonna make it worse.
What is this. dirt?
Yeah.
From the court.
Don't worry though.
It'll come out with
a little bleach.
Bleach?
I can't bleach this blouse.
It's silk.
Great.
I'm supposed to take a
picture in five minutes.
I have a t-shirt in my
locker you could put on.
A t-shirt?
It's clean.
Pretty clean.
I think I washed it.
It might be a little big
on you. but at least--
It's fine.
I'll just wear my
own clothes that fit.
Is that better?
There's one little
spot where-- to the--
more to the left.
Your left.
Do you mind?
Please.
There.
Never even happened.
Ms. Harris. did you
get hit with our ball?
Yes. but I'm fine.
Oh. good.
Hey. did you make a
decision yet about filling out
that profile page?
Against my better
judgment. I'll do it.
Send me the link.
You rock. Ms. Harris.
I'll see you in class.
Cool.
In class?
She a sub or something?
Yeah. Ms. Harris
is a new econ teacher
that replaced Ms. Salinger.
And she's way better.
Hm.
Bottom cabinet?
Oh. mom. I can do that after
I finish these lesson plans.
Why don't you come
sit down and relax?
Liz. I'm the one who
convinced you to move
back here and buy this place.
The least I could
do is help you out.
And besides. it's been
like this for five weeks.
I haven't had the time with
everything going on at school.
I'm sure it is hard picking up
where another teacher left off.
Yeah. especially when that
teacher only had five lesson
plans for the whole semester.
Liz. you've always
gone over and above.
sometimes to your detriment.
You know. not everything
you do has to be perfect.
Well. if it can
be. why not. right?
Wait.
Is this mine?
Yes. you left it at Christmas.
OK.
Well. that's one mystery solved.
Oh. that reminds me.
Do you want to check
that box over there?
Awe.
Are these for me?
Yes.
Think of it as my contribution
to your successful business.
Thank you.
You didn't have to
do that. sweetie.
Well. I'm proud of you. mom.
for launching this new venture.
You've been wanting
to do it for so long.
I remember you talking
about it when I was a kid.
Did I?
Yes.
It was around the
time when dad left.
And you baked cookies for
the bake sale at church.
That lady wanted to buy six
dozen for her grandson's party.
You sold them to her.
That's right.
You know. I am so glad that
you decided to come back.
I know you love Philly.
But I am excited to see
you every single day
now that you're back
in Santa Barbara.
OK. just kidding.
Every other weekend?
I can handle that.
OK.
The profile had
100 questions on it?
How long did that take?
Two hours.
Now I know how they feel
on their final exam.
Liz. did you see
the maple fritter?
I did.
Thanks for the email asking
what my favorite was.
That's so thoughtful of you.
Anything to make
you feel welcome here.
And congrats on the
entrepreneurship win.
I haven't seen the students
this excited about economics
class in a long time.
Maple fritter.
Have you had one?
No.
You should.
They're phenomenal.
That's Ted.
Ted. I saved you a seat.
Thanks. Gina.
But I've already got one.
So that takes care
of yearbook committee.
So next up is our
end-of-the-year event.
Carnival Day. where
we invite the whole
community to
celebrate our students
and their accomplishments.
Now. this is gonna to
take place next month.
the weekend before
school lets out.
So I will need two of
you to organize it.
Any volunteers?
I know this one
is a lot of work.
but it is a great way
to send off the seniors.
Hey. do you wanna do it?
No.
It'll be fun.
Gina.
Uh. I've already organized
three events this year.
Well. you've definitely
done your fair share.
Anyone else?
I could do it.
Thank you. Liz.
Does anyone else
want to help Liz?
Ted.
Hm?
You haven't organized
anything this year or last year.
Yeah.
I mean. I'd love to. but I'm
super busy with this tennis
tournament coming up.
OK.
Anyone else?
I think you really dodged
a bullet on that one.
You know what. I will do it.
This is gonna be the best
circus day we've ever had.
Carnival day.
Same thing.
Oh. I think Tammy
was about to volunteer.
Weren't you. Tammy?
You're always saying how you
want to organize something.
I-- I can't.
I'm already doing graduation.
Sorry.
OK.
Then I guess it's Liz and Ted.
Thanks. guys.
All right. let's talk about
the final exam schedule.
There you are.
You rushed out of the meeting
like the building was on fire.
Yeah. I had a lot to do.
Have you ever
planned one of these
before at your old school?
Where was that?
Philadelphia.
And no. I've never planned
one of these before.
Have you?
No.
It's a carnival.
Fun rides. dunk
tanks. food carts.
What could possibly go wrong?
I can think of
many. many things.
So when do you
want to get together?
I'm free seventh period Monday.
Sure.
Yeah.
That gives me enough time
to look through this binder
and see what vendors
we've used in the past.
Where did that come from?
The resource room.
There's a binder for every
event that the school has had.
We're gonna need to
create one for our event
when we're done with it.
You knew that. right?
Yeah. of course.
Have a good weekend.
She hates me.
Oh. a new message from Greg.
OK.
"Hi.
I read your profile.
and I'd love
to get the conversation going."
OK.
5'11".
Never married.
Once a company.
Not bad.
Another one?
Uh. Oren.
Pete now?
OK. OK.
Slow down.
Where did Greg go?
Hey. mom.
Hi. honey.
Listen. real quick.
Your father said he's
headed to your place.
Make sure he doesn't
see the surprise.
Thanks. mom.
Thanks. honey.
I'm on it.
Hey. Pops.
What brings you over?
I told your mom I was
stopping by to say hi.
but I really came
to bring you this.
What's this?
Nice.
Where did you find
all these old photos?
In the basement.
As a surprise for
our anniversary
next month. I thought maybe you
could put them on the computer.
Sure.
I can scan these for you.
She'll like that.
Thanks.
By the way. how's the
tennis team this year?
Best I've had.
Both boys and girls.
Glad to hear it.
With you as their coach. I
wouldn't expect anything else.
I appreciate that. dad.
All right. don't
tell your mom.
I won't tell her.
Have a good night.
See ya.
So what brought
you to Santa Barbara?
Well. I taught at a public
school in Philadelphia
for six years.
And I literally just
moved back this month.
That's great.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
How about you?
Your profile said
you owned a company.
but it didn't say for what.
I'm sorry.
I'm just noticing how
healthy your hair looks.
Oh. thanks.
I grew it myself.
- Hm.
- What?
That's what I thought.
It's a little dry.
Excuse me?
Have you tried a sea-sea
cream with jojoba oil?
I don't know what that is.
You are in luck because
I know everything about it.
Our new and improved
line of products
is exactly what your
hair is missing.
Now. I'm sending you an
informative video on jojoba.
Watch that at your leisure.
You can take any of
the products with you
today or sign up for our
home delivery which is free
when you get a subscription.
Will that be cash or card?
Oh.
Oh. he's definitely
good looking.
Wait. is this the
one that was trying
to sell you hair care products?
I mean. it must be really
hard to try to find
people to listen to his pitch.
At least he bought you cake.
And I deserved every bite
of that chocolate cake.
What am I gonna tell the kids?
Just tell them you
weren't feeling it.
Besides. you have two other
matches on there. right?
One of those guys will pan out.
I'm just not sure if I
want to mix my personal life
with my professional life.
Liz. what personal life?
Look. if it doesn't work
out. Dylan and Ariella
graduate soon anyway.
Forget about Greg.
Show me the next guy.
Oh.
Oh. he's cute.
Yeah.
Hi. guys.
Hi.
Sorry to interrupt.
I just wanted to see if you
need any help with Carnival day.
Uh. not yet.
I haven't had the
chance to meet up
with Ted to talk
about a plan. but we
are meeting up this afternoon.
Where?
I don't know.
Well. Ted has my number
saved in his cell phone.
So if you guys need anything
at all. just shoot me a text.
Bye.
Did she just make
it a point to tell
me that he has her number?
Gina's had a thing
for Ted since he
started here two years ago.
She probably thinks
you're competition.
That is the one thing Gina
does not need to worry about.
Mhm.
Hey. Dylan.
What's up?
I was wondering if
you'd do me a favor.
As long as it doesn't
involve buying a candy bar.
No.
See. Ariella and I started
this matchmaking website.
and we were kind of hoping
that we could get you--
Oh no.
I've heard about
this little business
endeavor you all got going on.
And my romantic life is private.
And it's gonna stay that way.
You know. a lot of the other
teachers have already joined.
They want to help
Ariella and I realize
our lifelong dreams of becoming
successful entrepreneurs.
Please?
OK.
I'll do it.
But only because I'm your
favorite teacher. and I know
you'll work that into
your next conversation
with principal Stall.
Deal?
Deal.
Help me get some
of these balls.
Yeah.
So $250 for everything.
Does that include the
balloon and the darts?
Great.
And do the booths
already come assembled?
Terrific.
Thank you.
Hey. I was just getting
prices for the game rentals.
Are you sure we should
let the kids throw darts?
I've seen most of
them throw a baseball.
there's nothing good
that can come from that.
OK.
So do you want the good
news or the bad news?
Positive vibes only.
The good news is
that all the booths
are available for our date.
Perfect.
Our job is done.
Where are you going?
To get a taco.
Ted. I'm new here.
And I'm really trying
to prove myself.
So it's important to
me that the carnival
day isn't a complete disaster.
And in order to prevent that
I'm gonna need you to take this
a little bit more seriously.
There's something you
should know about me.
Everything I do pretty
much turns out great.
Really?
Yes. really.
I find that hard to believe.
Then you'll be
pleasantly surprised
when I prove it to you.
Now what's the bad news?
The bad news is that
the prices have gone up.
So to cover the cost increase
we're gonna need to bring
in 30% more than last year.
Is there a poster
in this room that
could tell us how to do that?
We need to cut our costs.
Or-- hear me out.
We could just bring
in 30% more people.
But then we would have to
rent more games to accommodate
the extra people. which
would bring our costs up.
and we need our
costs to go down.
Not if we add things
that aren't rented.
Like what?
Like a raffle with prizes.
Employ the economic principle
of opportunity cost.
It costs money for the
opportunity to win a prize.
That's not what that means.
So you like the raffle idea?
Yeah. if we can get
the prizes donated.
Gratis prizes on the way.
Consider it done.
Oh. this booth is the most
expensive of all to rent.
I'm thinking we
should just nix it.
Will people missed it?
The dunk tank?
Uh. yeah.
Last year there was a line
for that 30 students long.
I have an idea.
What if we build it
instead of renting it?
Build it?
Like with hammers and nails?
It makes more
sense to build one
the school can use
every year than waste
money renting it over and over.
I'm sure that's an economic
principle of some sort.
No.
But it's a great idea
if you could do it.
Let me guess.
You are really great at
building dunk tanks. too.
I'm actually pretty handy.
And the specs are
all right here. so--
But will we have enough time?
The carnival is only
in four weekends.
With the both of
us working on it.
I'm confident we
can get it done.
OK.
Deal.
How many questions are there?
No brothers and sisters.
just me and my mom.
Same.
I've always been really
close to my mother.
We try to stay involved
in each other's lives.
Awe.
Yeah. now that I'm
back I'm really
looking forward to having
that sort of relationship
with my mom again.
Hey.
Hi.
She's an only child.
I'll keep you updated.
OK. bye.
Sorry.
That was her.
When I showed her
your pic on the site.
she wanted to know a
little more about you.
Oh.
OK.
Your profile said
you like to travel.
Anywhere exotic?
Many places.
My favorite has
got to be Cambodia.
I got to see Angkor Wat.
which was absolutely amazing.
No way.
That's on my bucket list.
You'd love it.
We spent the entire day just--
Hang on just a sec.
Hey.
Hi. mom.
She said she's
been to Angkor Wat.
Yeah. she loved it.
Mom wants to know how long
the flight is to Cambodia.
20 hours.
I know.
Remember when we went
to Cabo and missed
our connecting flight.
Give me a minute.
We're talking about Cabo.
Yeah.
I had to ask. can you drink
the water in the airport?
Is that safe?
Morning.
Good morning.
Nice house.
Thanks.
I guess playing on
tour had a few perks.
What?
Nothing.
I just-- I'm used to
seeing you in silk blouses.
Yeah. well these
are the clothes
I don't mind getting dirty.
OK. so I brought my cordless
drill. paint brushes.
and the miter saw.
I wasn't sure if you
were gonna have one.
OK.
Having two will definitely help.
OK. I'll go grab it.
All right.
We're gonna run
out of blue paint.
I have some in the garage.
Bottom shelf to the right.
Oh. still
I'm searching for you.
Insane for searching for you.
Yeah. I'm searching for you.
Searching for you.
Wow.
'66 Mustang.
It's gorgeous.
Did you restore it yourself?
For my dad.
It's an anniversary
gift from me and my mom.
They went on their very
first date in the car
just like this 42 years ago.
Well. it's such a great gift.
It will be if i can finish
it before their party.
When is that?
Next month.
But there's a part I
cannot seem to find.
I've literally looked
everywhere for it.
Which part?
The gearshift handle.
Well. what's wrong
with the one right there?
Looks perfect to me.
My dad's was silver.
This one is wood grain.
Do you think he'll care?
Probably not.
But I do.
I want every single piece
to look exactly the same.
If I'm gonna go through
this much for work.
why take shortcuts?
Didn't picture you as
such a perfectionist.
Why not?
Well. your socks
don't match. for one.
I think we made some
real good headway.
If teaching doesn't work
out we could start a dunk
tank manufacturing business.
Ship these things world wide.
Where did you
teach before Faraday?
A tennis club.
I gave private lessons.
Oh.
Why did you leave a ritzy club
to teach high school students?
I started to
get bored with it.
The students were all willing
to pay for expensive lessons
to get good at a sport.
Oh. sounds absolutely awful.
Any tennis pro can
help them do that.
I thought it'd be
more fun to get
kids who had never
played before excited
about the game of tennis.
The straight A
students. they're easy.
It's the kids that struggle that
need a really skilled teacher.
Without one. they may
miss an opportunity
they never knew they had.
That's a really good point.
Yeah.
What about you?
You always want to teach?
Yes.
Originally. I wanted to be
an elementary school teacher.
But then I went to
college. and I just--
I fell in love with economics.
And I wanted to teach
that subject specifically.
Six-year-olds don't care
about the consumer price index?
Not as much as you'd hope.
Well. should we clean this up?
I'll do it.
You sure?
Yeah.
I'll store everything
in the garage.
We could pick up where
we left off next weekend.
All right.
Thanks for the pizza.
My pleasure.
Good night.
Good night. Liz.
Just tell Courtney to
call me back please.
It's regarding a raffle.
Thanks.
Bye.
Hey. buddy.
What's up?
Hey. coach.
I just want to let you know
that I'm quitting the team.
Why?
I'm just not very good
at tennis or any sport
pretty much.
That's not true.
You've improved a ton since
the start of the year.
I know. but I don't
think it's enough.
I'm just not
athletically inclined.
Listen. if what you're saying
is true. I'd be honest with you
and tell you you're
wasting your time.
But what you're
saying isn't true.
And if you stick with
it a little longer.
I'm sure you'll
surprise yourself.
As a favor to me. give
it another three weeks.
You won't regret it.
We'll see.
Please. just be a
normal person. Pete.
Well. what do you think?
Looks pretty good to me.
But is it functional?
Won't know till we try it out.
Shall we?
Let's do it.
OK.
Oh.
Ouch.
I was just warming up.
OK. this is the one.
Oof.
Somebody obviously didn't
play softball in high school.
One more.
Here we go.
Yes!
OK. I guess third
time's the charm.
Let's see what
you got. hotshot.
OK.
You ready for this?
Mhm.
Oh.
Looks like nobody's
getting dunked.
Bullseye!
You didn't really think I'd
missed that two times in a row.
did you?
Do you ever stop telling
people how great you are?
Only when I'm telling
them how great they are.
Hold on.
Oh. I got to take this.
OK.
Hello?
Ted. Hi.
It's Courtney.
Courtney. hey.
I've missed you.
I've missed you. too.
Have you been back to the
club at all since everything
that happened with--
No. I--
I haven't been back.
Well. your message said
you're in need of raffle prizes.
and I can help you out.
I knew I could count on you.
How about three
cases of last year's
vintage including our
limited release cab?
You're incredible.
Please. it's the least
I can do after you spent
all that time fixing my car.
I was happy to.
One condition on
the wine. though.
You need to come
get it yourself.
It's been a long time
since you've been up.
Even better.
Thank you so much.
Wednesday is a school holiday.
How's that work?
Wednesday is perfect.
OK. I'll see you then.
Hey.
Was that your girlfriend?
No. I used to teach
Courtney tennis.
You like wine?
Wine?
She owns a winery
in Santa Ynez.
and she's donating a few cases.
You want to go with
me on our off day.
pick them up. maybe do
a little wine tasting?
I haven't been to
a winery in ages.
Is that a yes?
Yeah.
That's a yes.
So these vines are
our syrah grapes.
That's what we're
drinking. right?
Yes. it is.
Syrah is a young
wine. so we don't
age them beyond three years.
What fruit flavors do you taste?
Mm.
Um. plum and cherry?
Yeah. and blackberry?
It's kind of spicy. too.
I like it.
Syrah grapes contain
the same flavor
compound found in peppercorns.
So it pairs well with
lamb. steak. braised beef.
And if you reduce it. it
makes a great demi-glace.
I had no idea.
That's fascinating.
Right up here is where we
have our smaller weddings.
I love it.
If you'll excuse
me. I have an issue
that I have to take care of.
How about I meet you back in
the tasting room in 15 minutes?
We'll be there.
Thanks for the tour.
I can totally see why people
pick this spot to get married.
It's so serene.
It'd be nice to live
out here. wouldn't it?
A dream come true.
Can you imagine waking
up to this every morning?
Drinking coffee. watching
the sunrise over the vineyard.
Sitting on a lawn
chair at night sipping
wine. maybe counting the stars.
Listening to the crickets.
So where do you see
yourself in 10 years?
Good question.
Still teaching at Faraday.
Spending my weekends and
summers traveling. hopefully
with someone who
likes to do the same.
Where would you like to go?
Wimbledon.
Indian Wells.
French Open.
I think those are
tennis tournaments.
Yes.
But I do hear Paris has a few
other things to offer as well.
What about you?
What's your life look like
10 years down the road?
Um. similar to yours.
except not watching tennis.
Maybe doing something a
little bit more exotic.
Exotic?
OK.
Exotic like diving with sharks
on the Great Barrier Reef
or exotic like I wonder if
there's guava in this cocktail?
Um. I'm down for both.
I'll watch from the boat.
OK.
This place is
pretty amazing. right?
Mhm.
You ever think
about getting married?
Yeah. definitely.
To the right person.
- Is that funny?
- Oh.
No. no.
I recently just answered that
question on a questionnaire
I did not too long ago.
Wait. Dylan and
Ariella's matchmaking site?
They got you. too?
Yes.
But it's impossible.
I gave up halfway.
Did you go on any dates?
Two really awful coffee dates.
How awful?
It's too traumatic.
Really?
Yeah.
That bad?
I can't imagine anyone
having a bad date with you.
Thanks.
We should probably head back.
Courtney might be waiting.
OK.
This is our 2016 red blend.
It's a mix of our
grapes and grapes
from a winery in Napa Valley.
But we processed
and aged it here.
Yeah?
Thank you.
Enjoy.
All right.
All right. where
should we start?
OK. let's start
with this first.
And then after we finish.
we can enjoy the wine.
OK.
So for the ring toss
I'm thinking we get
stuffed bears for the winners.
But I'm wondering what we should
do for the consolation prize
and how many should we order?
Consolation prizes?
Yeah. for the
people that miss.
which I feel it will be 90%.
If they don't throw a ring on
the bottle. they get nothing.
They didn't complete the task.
So you don't want to give out
anything to people that miss?
Consolation prizes go against
the very spirit of competition.
The point of playing
is to win a prize.
"Win" is the
operative word there.
Yeah. the people that
win get the better prize.
They get the bear.
Then what motivates
them to try again?
They already won a prize.
The bear.
So you admit.
they'd rather have
the bear than one of these--
I don't even know what that is.
Is that a charm bracelet?
No it's-- it's a
key-chain. I think.
And obviously people would
want to win the bear.
I mean. maybe it's
a luggage tag.
Then why give
it to them at all?
So they don't feel bad.
But they're going to
feel bad anyway because A.
they didn't win the bear.
And B. they failed.
And there's nothing
wrong with that.
It's what makes them try
harder the next time.
No. that's not true.
We should be rewarding them for
putting themselves out there.
Please tell me you're kidding.
No. not at all.
I mean. I gave a medal to
every one of my students
that participated in the
entrepreneurship challenge
even though not all of them won.
You really want the
kids to buy a ticket
and go home with nothing?
I want them to
leave with a bear.
But that's not gonna
happen for everyone.
Look. I get the whole second
places. first loser mentality.
but this is carnival day.
It's supposed to be fun.
It's not the Australian Open.
Thanks for taking
me up there today.
You're welcome.
I feel like you're still
mad about the key-chain thing.
They're luggage tags.
And I'm not upset.
If you really feel that
strongly about it. it's fine.
OK.
You sure you don't want me
to keep the wine at my place?
I'm sure.
I promise I
won't drink it all.
I'll take care of it.
All right.
Good night.
Uh-huh.
Thanks. Giovanni.
I owe you one.
I guess I don't
really have a choice.
Ted.
Hey. Gina.
Hi.
Tennis team looks good.
Yeah.
I should probably
go check on them.
Wait.
I heard you're doing a
raffle for Carnival day.
My sister works at a spa.
and I'm sure she'd donated
a gift basket or something.
That'd be terrific.
Thank you.
No problem.
I'll bring it by your
house on Saturday evening.
Drop me a pin with your address.
You really don't
have to do that.
I'll come by your
classroom on Monday.
And risk something
happening to it?
No way.
I think I may
have accidentally
deleted your number.
I have yours.
I'll shoot you a text.
That works. I guess.
Mm. smells good in here.
Honey. you look beautiful.
Really?
You don't think it's too much?
This guy is gonna be drooling
the moment he sets eyes on you.
Thanks for that visual. mom.
I don't know.
After those last
two coffee dates.
I'm wondering if it's
worth all this effort.
Well. didn't this guy
ask you out for dinner
instead of just coffee?
I mean. that bodes
well in my opinion.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Well. these look amazing.
Well. I still can't
believe that the coffee
shop doubled their order.
I'm not surprised
in the slightest.
Look at you go. you
little entrepreneur.
Oh.
What about your dinner?
For one of your
cookies I could cheat.
Mm.
Remember you used to bake
these for me when I was a kid
and I had a bad day?
Put a smile on
your face every time.
OK. you better get going.
Bye.
Mm.
So what's your favorite
thing about being an educator?
Good question.
This is gonna sound so
cliche. but I just love having
a positive impact on kids.
And I know I only spend
an hour a day with them.
but I just feel like I'm really
helping mold their future.
I had a teacher in high school
who made a real difference.
She's actually the reason
I became an architect.
Really?
How so?
Well. for this class
project she had us read--
Hi.
Can you tell Giovanni
that Ted's here please?
Sure.
Oh my god. she
really said that?
In front of
the entire class.
Ted.
Liz.
Hey. what a coincidence.
I saw you so I
thought I'd say hi.
Hey.
Ted.
Nice to meet you.
Pete.
Is that the pescatore?
It is.
That's the best
thing on the menu.
The red pepper flakes
give it a nice kick. huh?
Is that what I'm tasting?
Yeah. it's delicious.
This place is the best.
My parents are having
their anniversary party
here in a couple of weeks.
Are you here to eat?
Me?
No.
I'm just picking
up some gift cards.
I thought they'd make
a good raffle prize.
Are they donating them?
Yeah.
I used to play tennis
with the owner Giovanni.
He's a great guy.
Oh. that is awesome.
Oh. Ted is also a
teacher at Faraday.
We are organizing the end of
the year carnival day together.
That sounds like something
my nephew would enjoy.
It's gonna be amazing.
What do you teach?
Phys ed.
And I also coach tennis.
Are you certified by the
National Bureau of Tennis?
Yup.
I actually played on
tour for five years.
and then I hurt my shoulder
so I taught for a few years
at Park Club.
Really?
I live right down the
street from that Club.
I'm actually
thinking of joining.
Park's not the only good Club.
There's a lot in Santa Barbara.
What level are you?
Level?
I can get to the ball no
problem and keep a rally going.
I guess I have
trouble placing shots.
Hm.
Mind if I sit?
If you follow NTR
program standards.
you're probably a 3.5.
What you need is
someone to help you
focus on control
and depth of ball
and also increase your
repertoire of shots.
Exactly.
How's your net play?
Non-existent.
- What about your serve?
- Good.
I can put a spin on it.
But on the return.
I'm just reacting.
Excuse me.
Oh. here you go.
I would focus on
precision and variety.
Then you could actually
employ strategies.
and instead of your opponent
setting the pace. you will.
I think you're
absolutely right.
Excuse me. I need
to go to the restroom.
Yeah.
Sure.
Sorry.
OK. so what stroke
should I work on first?
Hey. partner.
I have some good news.
I spoke with the owner at
Victory Times Sporting Goods.
she's donating five soccer
balls to our raffle.
Great.
I used to teach her
son at tennis club.
Super nice lady.
Thank goodness for your
vast knowledge of tennis.
Is everything OK?
Peachy. just like that
gelato the three of us
shared yesterday.
That. I said we could
share the tiramisu instead.
It's not about
the dessert. Ted.
It's about the whole dinner.
What do you mean?
Never mind.
Don't worry about it.
No.
What?
Please tell me what I did.
This was the first good date
I've had since I moved here.
and you hijacked it.
You sat down and you turned it
into the Ted Talks Tennis Show.
That was a date?
I didn't realize.
Two people. nice
restaurant. all dressed up.
At the winery you
made it seem like you'd
gotten fed up with bad dates
and weren't seeing anyone.
I thought he was just a friend.
Besides. he didn't seem
like. you know. your type.
My type.
OK. Ted. you tell
me what my type is.
Nice looking. athletic. tall.
charismatic. athletic. smart.
You said athletic twice.
And Pete is all of those things.
He didn't even know about the
pepper flakes on the pescatore.
I have to go.
Look. I'm sorry. OK?
I saw you sitting there
in the blue dress. which
is a great color
on you by the way.
and I just wanted to say hi and
tell you about the gift cards.
But you're right.
I shouldn't have sat down.
I appreciate the apology.
Are you gonna see him again?
I don't know.
We didn't discuss it because
you walked us to the valet
so the two of you
could exchange numbers.
Do you want me to
call him for you?
I could.
No.
The prizes were delivered.
They're in the storage room.
We should get together
and sort them.
Yeah. of course.
I'll look at my schedule.
OK.
Oh.
Hello?
Liz. hi.
It's Pete.
Hey. how are you?
I'm good.
I was down in LA this
past week for work.
But I'm back now.
And I wanted to let you know
I really enjoyed our dinner.
Thanks.
So did I.
If you're free
tonight. I thought
maybe we could catch a movie?
Yeah. that sounds fun.
Great.
Text me your address.
I'll pick you up at 7:00.
OK. will do.
Bye.
Please tell your
mom thank you for me.
Oh. she was happy to do it.
I hope your grandmother
likes snickerdoodles.
That woman has a sweet
tooth like no one else.
But she is turning 90 tomorrow.
so who am I to judge her diet?
So date number two
tonight. right?
More like 1.2. the redo.
You didn't invite Ted
to tag along. did you?
Um. no.
How is circus
day coming along?
Is he pulling his weight?
He actually is.
He's got a lot of good ideas.
and he follows through.
Wow.
Well. maybe underneath
that incredibly
annoying air of
confidence there is
a real human being after all.
Thank you.
I'll see you tomorrow?
Yeah.
Have fun.
Thanks.
Bye.
Oof.
So your meeting in LA went well?
It did.
And I got to see my uncle
when I was down there.
He's pretty busy with his
show starting this weekend.
but we got lunch.
Oh. is he an actor?
Niall?
No.
No. he organizes a huge
auto show at the convention
center every year.
Oh. really?
Yeah. it's like 1.000 cars.
It's so much work.
I don't know how he does it.
This is kind of random. but
do you think he might know where
I can find an original
silver gearshift
handle for a '66 Mustang?
That's really specific.
I know.
Um. probably.
I mean. he knows a lot of
people who restore cars.
I could just give
you his phone number.
Oh. that'd be great.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So did you get up to
anything else in LA?
Any sightseeing?
I'm not really
a sightseeing guy.
I kind of hate places where
there are so many people.
Oh. well what about
the Griffith Observatory?
That place is so cool.
I love constellations.
Me too.
But if you've been
to an observatory.
you've kind of seen them all.
The Big Dipper
looks the same now
as it did 500 years ago. right?
I guess.
I was gonna go wine
tasting in Temecula.
but the drive. it's
like an hour and a half.
And who wants to be
in traffic that long?
No. thank you.
I just hung around in the
hotel and watched movies.
Hey. it's starting.
What's in this?
Your guess is as good as mine.
I found it in the
storage closet.
Well. is it in the forecast
that it's going to rain?
Because if so. I am ready.
Actually. I hate
to burst your bubble.
but there is zero
chance of rain today.
OK.
Well. good because
this hair does
not do well in the humidity.
You're in luck
because don't you worry
about a thing. little lady.
We can fix that at
the hair saloon.
That is too cheesy.
What?
That was pretty funny.
Wait.
I have a good one for you.
Oh.
A magician's hat?
You're full of surprises.
Ms. Harris.
Coach Packerson.
Ariella. what are
you doing in here?
I accidentally
left my backpack.
We were just sorting
prizes for carnival day.
Are you planning on going?
It's gonna be a lot
of fun this year.
Yeah.
Did you ever
get that gearshift
handle for your dad's car?
Party is next weekend. right?
Nope.
I've been so busy with this.
I haven't had time to call
around or scan the photos.
Photos?
My dad has photos
of him and my mom
he wants me to scan so they
can play an party.
I can get that for you.
I have a color scanner at home.
Really?
They're in my truck.
OK.
Thank you.
This helps a lot.
It is no problem.
I'm starving.
Would you want to grab a bite?
Yeah.
Sure. why not.
There's a great souvlaki
spot five minutes away.
Do you like Greek?
I love it.
Everything OK?
Yeah. it's just Gina got
a gift basket for the raffle
and wants to bring it to me.
Oh.
I'll just ask her to bring
it to us at the restaurant.
You know what. let's just
grab dinner another night.
I'm sure Gina wants
to stay and chat.
That's what I'm afraid of.
I'll see ya on Monday.
Yeah.
Awe.
Hi.
You've reached Niall
with the LA Auto Expo.
Please leave me a message.
Niall. hi.
This is Liz Harris calling.
I got your number
from your nephew Pete.
I'm looking for a car part
for a '66 Mustang. and I
was hoping you could help me.
Thanks.
Hey. Gina.
Voila.
Isn't it terrific?
Wow.
Yeah.
There's even a robe in there.
And spa slippers.
Again. thanks so
much for getting this.
And please. tell your
sister thank you as well.
I will.
She'd love to meet you.
Actually. I'm
having a few friends
over tomorrow night for drinks.
You're welcome to come.
That's a great invitation.
but unfortunately I
have a project I need to finish
for my parents' anniversary.
That's fine.
Some other time maybe.
Maybe.
How about tonight?
For what?
Drinks and appetizers.
You know what. tonight's
not a good night either.
Anniversary is coming up
quick. and I really just
need to finish this project.
Oh.
All right.
Well. maybe once that's
over we can find time.
Gina. I'm not sure
it's a good idea for us
to meet up outside of school.
I like to keep my business and
personal life kind of separate.
Oh.
OK.
I hope that doesn't hurt
your feelings in any way.
No.
I completely understand
and respect that.
Thanks for dropping this off.
I appreciate it.
Not a problem.
Good night.
Yeah. man.
The tennis team's
great this year.
We're definitely
going all the way.
Ariella. hey.
We have an issue.
The algorithm doesn't work.
What do you mean?
I saw Coach Packerson
and Ms. Harris sorting
prizes in the gym for tonight.
They clearly like each other.
They were super flirty. trying
on weird hats. and laughing.
I could see them together.
Me too.
And that's the problem.
They're both on the
website. but the algorithm
didn't match them.
Are you sure?
Completely.
I'll look into it.
I got your text.
Hey. come in.
There are some great
photos in here.
I especially like the
ones of you and your dad.
He was a pretty decent
tennis player in his time.
Thanks so much for doing this.
What?
Was there an embarrassing
photo in there?
I thought I pulled those out.
I have a gift for you.
Thank you.
Are you serious?
A silver gearshift handle?
That's the right
one. isn't it?
Yes.
I can't believe it.
Where did you find this?
A guy in Utah had it.
I'm blown away that
you would do this.
I took the full of
surprises thing to heart.
How much was it?
I'll reimburse--
My gift.
Would you want to come
to the party with me?
Oh. are you sure?
Positive.
I want you to come.
OK.
Yeah. that'd be fun.
Great.
You did a fantastic
job with the party.
And a slide show is perfect.
That is all Liz.
Happy anniversary.
Mr. Packerson.
Thank you. Liz.
We really appreciate you.
Honey. the Joneses
have just arrived.
Excuse us.
Your parents are so nice.
They seemed to
really like you.
You want to sit?
Sure.
Let me get that for ya.
There you go.
This is great. right?
Yeah.
40 years.
So happy you could
make it tonight.
Wow.
- Thank you.
I know.
Kind of feel bad
my mom will never
experienced anything like this.
Your parents are divorced?
Yeah.
My dad left when I was six.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's fine.
She's better off.
It's hard to be with someone
that's not always honest.
That is true.
Honesty is the most important
thing in a relationship.
Your mom never remarried?
No.
She raised me
completely on her own.
Sometimes we didn't
even have a sitter.
so she would take
me to work with her.
Where was that?
A bookstore.
She used to get me
this beanbag chair.
and I would curl up
behind the counter
where no one could see me.
I swear. I read like every
book in the children's section.
I could see you doing that.
Well. she sounds
like a great mother.
She still is.
You are the
shield that kept me strong.
Sometimes I wish I
can take your place.
I like this song.
Me too.
Would you-- you want to--
OK.
Liz. can you excuse
me for a minute?
I guess the chef has a
question about the cake.
No problem.
I'll be right back.
Take your time.
Oh. who said.
Hi.
Welcome.
You're very handsome
in your tie. Bailey.
Hi.
Reservation for Gina.
Two people.
My mom's treating
me to a fancy
dinner since I got all A's.
Nice.
OK.
Right this way.
You coming. mom?
Go ahead and
sit down. sweetie.
I'll be there in a minute.
One second
with you by my side.
Who said.
Who said its gotta be this way?
Who says.
Who said it's gonna be OK?
Who said that time will
one day heal this pain?
Who said?
Gina.
Hey.
I was just on my way
to the ladies room.
Liz. you look really nice.
Are you here with Ted?
Yeah.
No. I'm not with him. with him.
He just invited me.
It's not like we're
together or anything.
Liz. honey. come with me.
I'd like you to
meet our neighbors.
I'll see you later. Gina.
Oh. I had a good time.
Did you have a good time?
- I had so much.
- How about that cake?
It was delicious.
Ma. you look beautiful.
Thank you. sweetheart.
Thanks for coming. folks.
Happy anniversary.
What a wonderful party. huh?
All right. it was great.
You know what to do.
Can you believe we've
been married 40 years?
I can't believe it.
Best 40 years of my life.
Olivia. look.
That's a '66.
Someone's done a beautiful
job restoring it.
I was hoping you'd say that.
Huh?
Happy anniversary. sweetie.
Are you serious?
Ted spent the last year
restoring it for you.
Oh man.
Thanks. champ.
You deserve it. Pops.
Awe. congrats.
Thank you.
Love you. babe.
Oh my gosh.
Is it really mine?
It's all yours.
Why don't you guys
take it for a spin?
Liz and I can take your car.
Let's go. Olivia.
She's a beauty.
Enjoy.
He's so happy.
It's exactly the same.
I know.
Thanks for coming.
My pleasure.
I don't think it could have
made your dad any happier
than he was tonight.
Yeah.
What?
Oh. good.
You're home.
I couldn't log into my
Netflix. and you said
you're gonna be on your date.
This isn't a date. mom.
Well. I fell asleep on the
couch and missed half of it
anyway.
- Ted. is it?
Nice to meet you.
Betty.
Nice to meet you. too.
Well. it looks like
you had a nice time.
And I don't want to interrupt.
so I'm just gonna slip right
past you and say goodnight.
Love you. honey.
Good night.
Night.
She calls everything a date.
Tammy and I go shopping
and it's a date.
Yeah.
I'll um-- I'll
see you on Monday.
Yeah.
Good night.
Liz. hi.
Do you have a minute?
Sure.
What's up?
It's none of my
business if you and Ted
are romantically involved.
Oh. we're not.
Good.
Again. none of my business.
You seem really nice.
And I just wanted to tell
you to be careful with him.
He's not always honest.
About what?
Did he tell you he
quit the tennis club
to come work here with kids?
What do you mean?
Was he fired?
It's amazing what
you can find online.
Oh. Gina was right.
Ted didn't quit the tennis club.
He was fired.
according to this blog
post by a previous student.
Well. what for?
It doesn't say.
Just he's complaining
that Ted was let go.
So much for honesty is
the most important thing.
Why didn't he just tell me
that instead of making up
that stuff about
inspiring students
who wouldn't have the
opportunity otherwise?
Well. he obviously didn't
want you or anyone else
to find out about it.
I wonder what he did.
Why did you leave a ritzy club
to teach high school students?
I started to
get bored with it.
Remember the follow-through.
Good job.
Everybody keep doing
what you're doing.
You know. just do it better.
Liz. hey.
Hey.
One more item for
the raffle came
through. a gift card
from that new sushi
place on State Street.
Want to come with me and
check it out tonight?
I got a lot of work to do.
Tomorrow night?
Everybody says the
trashy bowls are huge.
Ted. I think it's
best if we focus
on the rest of the
carnival stuff on our own.
Oh.
Yeah. sure.
I got matched with Liz?
There's nothing wrong
with the algorithm.
Ms. Harris and Coach
Packerson are a perfect match.
Are you sure?
They're both acting so weird.
I saw them in the
library. and they
completely ignored each other.
I kept looking at the
code. and I couldn't
figure out what was wrong.
Then this morning I decided
to look back at the history.
Before last night.
coach had only completed
half of his questions.
And we set it up that
incomplete profiles
don't get matched.
Exactly.
What could have happened?
They were getting along so good.
Even the website says
they're right for each other.
Oh.
Hey.
Sorry.
Liz. did I do
something to upset you?
I'm sensing a chill.
I'm not upset.
Look. obviously we work
really well together.
I just think we should
keep things professional.
I need to get to my next class.
I'll see you Saturday. OK?
If Ted could lie about that.
what else is he not telling me?
Well. maybe he
had a good reason.
For not telling the truth?
Is there such a thing?
It's a sign from the universe
that I was getting too close.
Maybe it's a sign that
you really like him.
You rarely get this upset.
I can't believe
you're defending him.
After all the lies dad told
you when you were married.
I saw how badly that hurt you.
You don't forget about that.
Yes. honesty in a
relationship is very important.
But you too aren't there yet.
For some people it
can be really hard
opening up about past
mistakes. especially to someone
they're still getting to know.
Look. if you're honest with him
about what you've discovered.
then maybe he'll be
honest with you. too.
Are you expecting someone?
No.
Surprise.
Pete. hi.
- Is this your mom?
- Yes.
Betty.
Hi.
Nice to meet you. Mrs. Harris.
You too.
I'm gonna go take care of the
food upstairs before it burns.
I hope you like alstroemerias.
I thought you might because
they're the same kind of flower
you have on your purse.
I love alstroemerias.
Thank you.
This is so sweet.
I enjoyed our last date.
especially because it
was just the two of us.
And I was wondering
if you wanted to see
a movie again this weekend?
Pete. this is
really sweet. but I
got to be honest with you.
Uh-oh.
I have a feeling you're about
to tell me I'm a great guy but--
You are a great
guy. but I just
feel like things aren't
really lining up between us.
at least not for me.
I understand.
Keep them.
Are you sure?
I'm allergic to
pretty much all flowers.
I wish you the best.
You too.
I don't know what
her deal is dad.
So that's it.
She starts acting distant
and you should ignore it?
What do you want
me to do about it?
She wants it to be professional.
we'll keep it professional.
You seemed a
little more friendly
than co-workers at the party.
Yeah. well I'm not
some desperate puppy
dog that's gonna beg her to
tell me what I did wrong.
What?
I'm not.
That's your pride talking.
Pride. self-worth. you can
call it whatever you want.
I did my part.
I asked what was wrong.
If she doesn't want to
tell me. that's on her.
So that's just it?
Maybe she'd be a little
more open with you
if you were a little
more open with her.
I have been open.
So you told her straight up
that you have feelings for her?
No.
Why not?
Because I don't.
Even if I did like her.
I'm not gonna chase her.
That's what you said
about the tennis club.
That was different.
Was it?
Some things are worth
chasing and fighting for.
So if your pride is stopping
you from seeing those things.
maybe it's time to tell
your ego to step aside.
Do you remember
that night in California?
Light skies. heavy
eyes. and the truth.
Do I miss you?
Just tell me what I know.
I can't breathe.
Her and me without the two.
Put it right down the middle.
There you go.
That's OK.
Rotate your shoulder.
OK.
One more.
Picture it going right
through the hole.
OK.
I'm just as bad at
- Skee-
- Ball as I am at tennis.
You know what this is?
A charm bracelet?
A luggage tag.
I'm pretty sure.
Will it help me travel through
time and not play this game?
You mean like all
the other people
out there who
don't take chances?
It's a prize you get not
from losing but for trying.
It's easy to try something
you know you're good at.
There's no risk in that.
It's a lot harder to put
yourself out there and try
something you're not good at.
It takes courage.
Thanks. coach.
Whoa.
You don't get to keep it
if you're gonna give up.
Huh?
I'm here all night.
OK.
Just like we talked
about on the tennis court.
Focus on your follow-through.
You got this.
Woo!
I did it!
Best throw I've
seen all night.
There you go.
Oh. could I have
the luggage tag. too?
Really?
Sure.
Without this one. I
wouldn't have gotten this one.
Good work.
Thanks.
There's coach Packerson.
And there's Ms. Harris.
Here you go. honey.
Are you gonna do one?
Are you ready?
Let's do it.
Here you go. girls.
Have fun.
Ms. Harris. someone needs
your help at the photo booth.
They said it took their money
but didn't take their picture.
Really?
You can go.
I'll watch your booth.
Thank you.
Yeah.
- Coach.
- Hey. Dylan.
Having fun?
Definitely.
Listen. I think they need your
help over at the photo booth.
Someone put their money
in and it's not working.
I'll go check it out.
Mr. Perrone. can you
watch the booth for me?
- Sure.
- I'll be right back.
OK.
Is there something
stuck in it?
Uh. I can't really tell.
No. nothing is stuck in there.
Maybe it's the photo paper?
Could just be the camera.
Do you want to try it?
Do you have a dollar?
Yeah.
Do you know what you're doing?
Not really. but the guy
that delivered it said you
could reset it like this so--
Have you tried turning
it off and turning it on?
No.
Whatever I did to
upset you. I'm sorry.
I've really enjoyed
spending time
with you these past few weeks.
And I started to
care about you a lot.
Then why did you lie to me?
You told me you quit
the tennis club.
But you were fired.
How did you find that out?
I know it's not the point.
but I'm just curious.
Gina tipped me off.
And I found this
blog post online.
When I first got here Gina
found that same blog post
and confronted me about it.
I explained everything
to her as well.
Well. what is
there to explain?
What did you do to get fired?
Nothing.
I'd been at the club for five
years. and my students love me.
and I love them.
As a matter of fact. I built the
program up so much they decided
to bring on another teacher.
They found this guy Rick.
He was young.
hungry. hot off tour.
And they hired him.
OK.
He was a great teacher.
He was also great
at marketing himself
and offering my students
classes on my off days.
Within a few months. my
client list had shrunk
and his had grown.
So they fired you for that?
Not exactly.
I thought they should
of had my back.
After five years
of giving my best
and them seeing proof
of what he was doing.
I thought they'd let him go.
They were very clear that he
was bringing in so much money.
they had no intention
of doing that.
So I quit in a
semi dramatic way.
So you weren't fired?
No.
But Rick made sure
everyone thought I was.
Why did you tell me you wanted
to teach high school kids?
Why didn't you just
tell me the truth?
I didn't want you to
think I was a subpar
teacher. that all
the students would
rather learn from Rick than me.
Please.
I've seen you with these kids.
You're an incredible teacher.
True.
But you wouldn't have
known that four weeks ago.
I could tell in
the staff meeting
that you were hoping someone
else would volunteer.
I'm really sorry about that.
You turned out to be a way
better partner than I expected.
And I'm also sorry
about that guy Rick
and what he did to you.
You know what?
I'm not.
I love the students
here so much.
And looking back. it wasn't
completely Rick's fault.
I'd become complacent.
Part of me felt I
was so good that I
didn't need to try anymore.
I don't buy that.
You are the most
competitive person I know.
Being competitive and trying
to win. that's one thing.
Fighting for what you want and
being willing to put your ego
aside. that's something else.
I'm sorry I didn't tell
you what really happened.
I should have been honest and
let you form your own opinion.
Well. my opinion of you
wouldn't have changed because I
would still think you
were annoying and cocky
but someone who I've really
enjoyed spending time with.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
That's hilarious.
You think they're hearing us?
I guess it's working now.
There was never a problem
with it. wasn't there?
Sorry. I got to take this.
That's my mom.
Since we're being
honest. I have not been
able to get you out of my mind.
What about Pete?
I ended that.
Pete's a really nice guy.
He's just not what
I was looking for.
What are you looking for?
Someone who's smart and
athletic and funny. sweet.
athletic.
You said athletic twice.
Did I?
Yeah.
Gina.
I just came over here to
apologize for any problems
I might have caused.
I was watching from over there.
And I always thought
we had chemistry.
but it's pretty clear
you have it with Liz.
Apology accepted.
Great job on all of this.
Thanks.
Thanks. Gina.
Yeah.
Should we take a
little walk around. make
sure everything's going OK?
It's a carnival.
What could possibly go wrong?
I'm so sorry.
It's OK.
Oh.
What's your name?
I'm Gina. one of
the teachers here.
I'm here with my son Bailey.
Pete.
I'm here with my nephew.
He's spent the last half hour
throwing darts at balloons.
Well. I was just headed
to that booth myself.
Can I walk you?
Definitely.
OK.
So you're a teacher here?
Yeah.
Might have to buy
you more popcorn.
Want me to win you a bear?
Really?
What if I wanted
to win you a bear?
I have no doubt
that you could.
Let's just split
an ice cream instead.
What flavor?
Strawberry.
Strawberry?
That's my favorite.
Another thing
we have in common.
Like traveling.
And maple fritters.
You like those. too?
Yes.
Drinking a good syrah
and teaching kids.
Not at the same
time. of course.
No.
I think we make a good match.
So do I. I've got a little
surprise for you outside.
Let's check it out.
Pretty good turnout.
Not bad for our
first carnival.
So what did you want to show me?
Look up.
Surprise.
Oh!
This is the perfect ending.
Or maybe it's
just the beginning.